Update husqvarna_automower_ble documentation to include PIN (#40788)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/husqvarna_automower_ble.markdown

Pairing can take a few goes. Even when using the official Android application, it can be tricky to get the first pair to succeed. If you are having issues, reboot the mower and try again. The Mower must be paired, not just connected, to work.

### PIN code

> Some mowers (Such as the Flymo Easilife that are based on the Husqvarna boards/platform) require a PIN for authentication on the app and the mower. If yours requires this you need to map the PIN to numbers and add them when you add the integration into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: The sentence is a bit unclear to me. Does it mean all mowers based on Husqvarna? Or is the Flymo just one example that happens to be Husqvarna based, but it applies also to other platforms? As in:
- Some Husqvarna-based mowers, such as the Flymo Easylife, require a PIN....
- Some mowers, such as the Flymo Easylife, require...

The PIN sequence is translated to digits like this:

> On/OFF Power button = 1
> 
> Go/Schedule button = 2
> 
> Go button = 3
> 
> Park button = 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On/OFF Power button = 1
- Go/Schedule button = 2
- Go button = 3
- Park button = 4
```

> See below image from operators manual. Which indicates the default pin would be 1234

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See below image from the operator's manual, indicating the default pin would be 1234:
```

> ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/10c75863-a634-4686-bc4c-15bb128dcad9)

Reviewer: Please upload the image into the image folder /images/integrations/husqvarna-automower-ble/
